

   QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS  
 
 
Exam 
WSET LEVEL 2 WINES AND SPIRITS EXAMS 
 
 
 
 
TESTED AND CONFIRMED A+ ANSWERS 
 
 
 

1 
 
 
1. Which of the following is NOT a type of wine? 
a. Fortified Wine 
b. Light Wine 
c. Sparkling Wine 
d. Sweet Wine 
 
2. What of the following is TRUE about all Light Wines? 
1. They are all dry 
2. The range of alcohol is 11% - 18% 
3. No spirit has been added 
4. It is still 
 
a. 1, 3, and 4 
b. 2 only 
c. 3 and 4 only 
d. All of the above 
 
3. Fino Sherry is a dry wine 
a. True 
b. False 
 
4. Which of the following pairs are BOTH Fortified Wines? 
a. Port and Madeira 
b. Sherry and Sancerre 
c. Port and Amarone 
d. Cava and Icewine 
5. Which type of wine is a Sauternes? 
a. Fortified 
b. Light 
c. Sparkling 
d. Sweet 
 
6. Which type of wine is Asti from Italy? 
a. Fortified 
b. Light 
c. Sparkling 
d. Sweet 
 
If you need a professional to complete your college homework at a small fee, then reach out to amazingclasshelp.com 

2 
 
 
 
7. Which type of wine is a Châteauneuf-du-Pape? 
a. Fortified 
b. Light 
c. Red 
d. Sparkling 
 
 
Styles of Wine 
8. Which of the following determines the colour of a wine? 
1. Alcohol Degree 
2. Grape Type 
3. Vintage 
4. Winemaking 
 
a. 1, 2, and 4 
b. 2 and 4 only 
c. 2 only 
d. All of the above 
 
9. Which gives colour to a red wine? 
a. Pips 
b. Pulp 
c. Skin 
d. Stalk 
 
10. White wine can be made from black grapes. 
a. True 
b. False 
 
11. Rosé wines usually have more body than white wines 
a. True 
b. False 
 
 
If you need a professional to complete your college homework at a small fee, then reach out to 
Homeworkanalyzers.com 

3 
 
 
12. Which of the following are ways a winemaker can make a medium sweet wine? 
1. Add unfermented grape juice to dry wine 
2. Add grape spirit to the fermenting wine 
3. Remove yeast during fermentation 
4. Nothing – the winemaker does not influence sweetness in the wine 
 
a. All of the above 
b. 1, 2, and 3 
c. 2 and 3 only 
d. 1 only 
 
13. Where in your mouth do you first perceive sweetness? 
a. Tip of the tongue 
b. Top of the teeth and gums 
c. Sides of the mouth 
d. Back of the palate 
 
14. Why is acidity important for sweet wines? 
a. It adds extra body to the wine 
b. It prevents the wine from being cloying 
c. It enhances the fruity character of the wine 
d. It makes the wine seem less alcoholic 
 
15. What effect does sweetness have on the body of a wine? 
a. Sweetness makes the wine thicker 
b. Sweetness makes the wine lighter 
c. Sweetness makes the wine more acidic 
d. Sweetness makes the wine less acidic 
 
16. Which sweetness level is a White Zinfandel? 
a. Dry 
b. Medium 
c. Sweet 
 
17. Which of the following is an example of a light-bodied red wine? 
a. Australian Shiraz 
b. Beaujolais 
c. Chilean Merlot 
 
If you need a professional to complete your college homework at a small fee, then reach out to Homeworks4u.org 

4 
 
 
18. Oaked California Chardonnay is an example of: 
a. Light-bodied white wine 
b. Medium-bodied white wine 
c. Full-bodied white wine 
 
19. Which 2 factors contribute to the body of a wine? 
a. Acidity and fruit character 
b. Sugar ripeness and use of oak 
c. Grape variety and colour 
 
20. White Burgundy is an example of: 
a. A light-bodied wine 
b. A medium-bodied wine 
c. A full-bodied wine 
 
21. A white wine that spends time in oak barrels will gain vanilla flavours. 
a. True 
b. False 
 
22. Which of the following does oak add to a wine? 
1. Alcohol 
2. Flavour 
3. Tannin 
4. Texture 
 
a. 2, 3, and 4 
b. 2 only 
c. 1 and 3 
d. All of the above 
 
23. How is tannin perceived in your mouth? 
a. A burning sensation on the palate 
b. A mouth-drying sensation 
c. A mouth-watering sensation 
d. A sticky sensation on the front of the tongue 
 
24. Where does tannin come from? 
a. Grape skins 
b. Grape pulp 
c. Grape pips 

5 
 
 
25. Which of the following does tannin contribute to a wine? 
1. Ability to age 
2. Complexity 
3. Length 
4. Structure 
 
a. 2 only 
b. 1 and 3 only 
c. 1, 2, and 4 
d. 1, 3, and 4 
 
26. How is acidity perceived in the mouth? 
a. A burning sensation on the palate 
b. A mouth-drying sensation 
c. A mouth-watering sensation 
d. A sticky sensation on the front of the tongue 
 
27. Acidity helps a wine mature. 
a. True 
b. False 
 
28. At what alcohol % does yeast die? 
a. 8% 
b.   15% 
c. 18% 
d.   22% 
 
29. What does the term “body” refer to in wine? 
a. The balance of acidity and sweetness in the wine 
b. The complexity of flavour in the wine 
c. The degree of alcohol in the wine 
d. The general feel of the wine in the mouth 
 
30. When are grapes pressed off their skins when making a white wine? 
a. Before fermentation 
b. After fermentation 
 
If you need a professional to complete your college homework at a small fee, then reach out to Datedhomeworks.com 

6 
 
 
31. Which of the following is an example of a full-bodied red wine? 
a. Australian Shiraz 
b. Oaked Chardonnay 
c. Chilean Merlot 
 
32. Tannin is a flavour in wine. 
a. True 
b. False 
 
 
What Makes Wine Different? 
33. Which factors are important to have in order to ripen grapes? 
1. Carbon Dioxide 
2. Heat 
3. Sunshine 
4. Water 
 
a. 4 only 
b. 1 and 2 
c. 1, 3, and 4 
d. 2 and 3 
 
34. As the season continues: 
a. Acidity levels increase and sugar levels decrease 
b. Acidity levels decrease and sugar levels increase 
c. Acidity and sugar levels both increase 
d. Acidity and sugar levels both decrease 
 
35. A wine made from under-ripe grapes will taste: 
a. Alcoholic and flabby 
b. Alcoholic and thin 
c. Sour and flabby 
d. Sour and thin 
 
36. A wine that tastes alcoholic and flabby comes from which weather conditions? 
a. Too much sunlight and heat 
b. Not enough sunlight and heat 
c. Too much water and not enough sunlight 
d. Not enough water and not enough heat 

7 
 
 
37. Which of the following best describes climate? 
a. A latitude range of 30º - 50º north or south of the Equator 
b. The amount of rainfall expected in a given year 
c. The amount of sunlight and heat a region gets 
d. The complex conditions expressed by a specific vineyard 
 
38. Which of the following does a region’s climate tell us? 
1. Expected temperatures 
2. Expected weather conditions 
3. Expected style of wine 
4. Expected type of grape 
 
a. All of the above 
b. 1, 2, and 3 only 
c. 1 and 2 only 
d. 3 and 4 only 
 
39. Which of the following pairs are examples of cool climate regions? 
a. Australia and Germany 
b. Central Spain and Southern France 
c. Germany and Northern France 
d. Northern and Southern France 
 
40. Which of the following statements are TRUE about wines from a cool climate? 
1. High in acidity 
2. Mainly white 
3. Lower in alcohol 
4. Refreshing 
 
a. 1 and 4 only 
b. 2 and 3 only 
c. 1, 2, and 4 only 
d. All of the above 
 
If you need a professional to complete your college homework at a small fee, then reach out to amazingclasshelp.com 

8 
 
 
41. Which of the following are considered hot climate regions 
1. Australia 
2. Central Spain 
3. Germany 
4. Southern France 
 
a. 2 and 4 only 
b. 1 only 
c. 1, 2 and 4 
d. 2, 3, and 4 
 
42. Red, high in alcohol, and rich in flavour is typical of a hot climate wine. 
a. True 
b. False 
 
43. Red wines are mainly produced in hot climates because: 
a. All black grapes have thick skins 
b. Black grapes need more heat to ripen 
c. Red wines are always high in alcohol 
d. All of the above 
 
44. A Chardonnay from a cool climate will be typically full-bodied with flavours of stone and tropical fruits. 
a. True 
b. False 
 
45. Cool climate wines are typically lower in alcohol. 
a. True 
b. False 
 
 
Principal Grape Varieties 
46. Dry, intensely fruity, light to medium body with refreshingly high acidity and aromas of green fruits and herbaceous 
notes best describes which of the following wines? 
a. Chardonnay 
b. Merlot 
c. Pinot Noir 
d. Sauvignon Blanc 

9 
 
 
47. Which of the following is a wine made from Sauvignon Blanc? 
a. Chablis 
b. Champagne 
c. Hermitage 
d. Sancerre 
 
48. Which pair of characters is associated with Riesling as it ages? 
a. Asparagus and Green Bell Pepper 
b. Banana and Vanilla 
c. Petrol and Dried Apricots 
d. Strawberry and Plum 
 
49. Which of the following grapes is often blended with Cabernet Sauvignon in Bordeaux? 
a. Merlot 
b. Pinot Noir 
c. Sauvignon Blanc 
d. Syrah/Shiraz 
 
50. Which pair of regions produces good examples of Merlot-based wines? 
a. Australia and Côte-Rotie 
b. California and Châteauneuf-du-Pape 
c. Chile and St. Emilion 
d. New Zealand and Burgundy 
 
51. Pinot Noir produces wines with flavours of cherry, blackberry, and black pepper 
a. True 
b. False 
 
52. A wine that is deeply coloured, rich, powerful, peppery, and has the ability to age is likely going to be made from: 
a. Cabernet Sauvignon 
b. Chardonnay 
c. Pinot Noir 
d. Syrah/Shiraz 
 
53. Germany is most famous for which of the following wines? 
a. Pinot Noir 
b. Riesling 
c. Sauvignon Blanc 
d. Syrah/Shiraz 

10 
 
 
54. Which grape is used in Hermitage? 
a. Chardonnay 
b. Pinot Noir 
c. Sauvignon Blanc 
d. Syrah/Shiraz 
 
55. Which grape can be described as having floral aromas? 
a. Chardonnay 
b. Pinot Noir 
c. Riesling 
d. Sauvignon Blanc 
 
56. Which grape can be described as having blackcurrant aromas? 
a. Cabernet Sauvignon 
b. Merlot 
c. Pinot Noir 
d. Sauvignon Blanc 
 
57. Which pair of wines is used to make Champagne? 
a. Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot 
b. Cabernet Sauvignon and Sauvignon Blanc 
c. Chardonnay and Pinot Noir 
d. Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc 
 
58. Which pair of wines is used to make Bordeaux? 
a. Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot 
b. Cabernet Sauvignon and Sauvignon Blanc 
c. Chardonnay and Pinot Noir 
d. Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc 
 
 
Other Popular Varietals and Wines 
59. Pinot Grigio is a full-bodied white wine from Italy 
a. True 
b. False 
 
60. Soave is a light-bodied wine from Italy with flavours of citrus and apple 
a. True 
b. False 
If you need a professional to complete your college homework at a small fee, then reach out to 
Homeworkanalyzers.com 

11 
 
 
61. Where is Sauternes? 
a. Bordeaux 
b. Burgundy 
c. Sancerre 
d. Northern Rhône 
 
62. Where is Rioja? 
a. France 
b. Germany 
c. Italy 
d. Spain 
 
63. Which of the following is a popular sparkling wine from Spain? 
a. Asti 
b. Cava 
c. Champagne 
d. Rioja 
 
64. Châteauneuf-du-Pape is a light-bodied red wine with fresh, fruity flavours 
a. True 
b. False 
 
 
How Wine is Made 
65. When are grapes harvested? 
a. Spring 
b. Summer 
c. Autumn 
d. Winter 
 
66. Which of the following happens when grape juice is left in contact with the skins during fermentation? 
1. Acidity levels decrease 
2. Alcohol levels are increased 
3. Colour is extracted 
4. Tannins are extracted 
 
a. 1 and 4 
b. 2 and 3 
c. 1 and 2 
d. 3 and 4 

12 
 
 
67. What is the key difference between making red wines and rosé wines? 
a. Less time is spent in contact with the skins when making rosé wines 
b. More time is spent in contact with the skins when making rosé wines 
c. Only the juice is used when making rosé wines 
d. None of the above – winemaking is the same for red and rosé wines 
 
68. Tannic red wines mature in bottles 
a. True 
b. False 
 
 
Wine Tasting 
69. Which of the following is a faulty aroma in a wine? 
a. Damp cardboard or vinegar 
b. Fruits or flowers 
c. Petrol or vegetables 
d. Spices or oak 
 
70. When a wine smells of wet leaves and mushrooms, what has likely happened to the wine? 
a. The wine is faulty 
b. The wine was aged in oak 
c. The wine has been matured for a long time in bottle 
d. The wine is a Shiraz 
 
71. Why is it important to draw in air when tasting wine? 
a. It releases flavour and aromas 
b. It lessens the impact of alcohol in the bloodstream 
c. It helps keep the palate fresh for the next wine 
 
 
Storing and Serving Wine 
72. Which of the following statements is FALSE? 
a. Bright light will make the wine stale 
b. Wines should be kept at a cool and constant temperature 
c. Wines with corks should be stored upright 
 
If you need a professional to complete your college homework at a small fee, then reach out to Homeworks4u.org 

13 
 
 
73. Which style of wine may be lightly chilled to 13ºC 
a. Beaujolais 
b. Châteauneuf-du-Pape 
c. Hermitage 
d. Rioja 
 
74. What is the serving temperature range for Cava? 
a. 6 - 10ºC 
b. 10 - 13ºC 
c. 13ºC 
d. 15 - 18ºC 
 
75. What is the serving temperature range for an Oaked Chardonnay? 
a. 6 - 10ºC 
b. 10 - 13ºC 
c. 13ºC 
d. 15 - 18ºC 
 
76. A Côte-Rotie is best served in which sized glassware? 
a. Large-sized glassware 
b. Medium-sized glassware 
c. Flute-shaped glassware 
d. Small-sized glassware 
 
77. Why is a Port served in small glasses? 
a. To allow more air to come in contact with the wine 
b. To enhance the bubbles traveling up the glass 
c. To emphasize the fruit characteristics rather than the alcohol 
 
78. When opening a sparkling wine, the bottle is turned and not the cork. 
a. True 
b. False 
 
79. How many 125ml glasses can you get from a standard 75cl bottle of wine? 
a. 3 
b. 4 
c. 5 
d. 6 

14 
 
 
80. A Blanket System preserves a wine by removing the oxygen from the bottle 
a. True 
b. False 
 
 
Social and Professional Responsibility 
81. Which acronym refers to the degree of alcohol concentrated in the blood system? 
a. BAC 
b. ISO 
c. LDA 
d. WHO 
 
82. Stomach ulcers can be the result of excessive alcohol consumption 
a. True 
b. False 
 
83. How many units per day does World Health Organization suggest as a responsible guideline for women? 
a. 1 unit 
b. 2 units 
c. 3 units 
d. 4 units 
 
84. LDA refers to the age at which a person may legally purchase alcohol 
a. True 
b. False 
 
 
Food and Wine Matching 
85. Umami decreases the perception of bitterness in a wine 
a. True 
b. False 
 
86. Which of the following foods is high in umami? 
a. Carrots 
b. Cheesecake 
c. Lemons 
d. Mushrooms 
 
If you need a professional to complete your college homework at a small fee, then reach out to Datedhomeworks.com 

15 
 
 
87. When pairing a wine with a dessert, the wine should: 
a. Be as sweeter than the dessert 
b. Be drier than the dessert 
c. Be high in alcohol 
d. Be high in tannins 
 
88. Acidity in food increases the perception of acidity in wine. 
a. True 
b. False 
 
89. Sweetness in food decreases the perception of body in wine. 
a. True 
b. False 
 
90. Salt can counteract the effect of umami on a wine. 
a. True 
b. False 
 
91. Salt decreases the perception of acidity in a wine. 
a. True 
b. False 
 
92. An oaked, highly tannic red wine is considered to be a high-risk wine. 
a. True 
b. False 
 
93. Chili heat in food decreases the perception of sweetness in a wine 
a. True 
b. False 
 
94. An off-dry wine is considered to be: 
a. A high-risk wine 
b. A low risk wine 
 
95. A person’s personal preferences should not be taken into consideration when matching food and wine. 
a. True 
b. False 

16 
 
 
96. Which of the following elements is NOT considered high risk element in a wine? 
a. High Acidity 
b. High Alcohol 
c. Simple Flavours 
d. Tannins 
 
97. An intensely flavoured dish like curry can match with simple, unoaked wines. 
a. True 
b. False 
 
98. Which style of wine best matches with blue cheese? 
a. Hermitage 
b. Rioja 
c. Sancerre 
d. Sauternes 
 
99. Which style of wine best matches with a light salad and vinaigrette dressing? 
a. Oaked Chardonnay 
b. Pinot Grigio 
c. Pinot Noir 
d. Australian Shiraz 
 
100. A low acid wine is a good match for fatty or oily foods. 
a. True 
b. False 

17 
 
 
LEVEL 1 PRACTICE EXAM – ANSWER KEY 
Wine Types 
1. d) Sweet wines are not a type of wine; they are a style 
2. c) Light wines do not have spirit added and are all still 
3. a) True – Fino Sherry is a dry wine 
4. a) Port and Madeira are both styles of Fortified Wines 
5. b) Light (sweet is the style, not type) 
6. c) Sparkling (sweet is the style, not type) 
7. b) Light 
 
Styles of Wine 
8. b) Grape type and winemaking influence the colour of the wine 
9. c) Skins, which are fermented in contact with the juice 
10. a) True – white wines can be made from black grapes 
11. a) True – Rosé wines usually have more body than white wines 
12. b) A winemaker can add unfermented grape juice to a dry wine, add spirit to fortify the wine during fermentation, 
or remove yeast before all of the sugar is consumed 
13. a) Sweetness is first perceived at the tip of the tongue 
14. b) Acidity prevents a sweet wine from being cloying 
15. a) Sweetness makes wine feel thicker 
16. b) White Zinfandel is medium sweetness 
17. b) Beaujolais is an example of a light-bodied red wine 
18. c) Oaked Chardonnay from California is a full-bodied white wine 
19. b) Sugar ripeness of the grape AND the use of oak contribute to the body of a wine 
20. b) White Burgundy is a medium-bodied wine 
21. a) True – oak barrels add vanilla flavours to a white wine 
22. a) Oak provides flavours AND tannin AND texture to a wine 
23. b) Tannin gives a mouth-drying sensation 
24. a) Tannin comes from the grape skins 
25. c) Tannin provides the ability to mature AND complexity AND structure 
26. c) Acidity is perceived by a mouth-watering sensation 
27. a) True – acidity helps a wine age 
28. b) Yeast dies off at 15% alcohol 
29. d) Body refers to the general feel of the wine in the mouth 
30. a) Wine is pressed off the skins before fermentation when making white wine 
31. a) Australian Shiraz is an example of a full-bodied red wine 
32. b) False – tannin is not a flavour, it is a mouth-feel 

18 
 
 
What Makes Wine Different? 
33. d) Heat and sunshine are important to have to ripen grapes 
34. b) Acidity levels decrease and sugar levels increase as the season progresses 
35. d) Wines made from under-ripe grapes will taste sour and thin 
36. a) Too much sunlight and heat results in wines that taste alcoholic and flabby 
37. c) Climate is best described as the amount of sunlight and heat a region normally gets 
38. b) Climate can tell us the expected temperature, weather conditions, and style of wine 
39. c) Germany and Northern France are examples of cool climate regions 
40. d) All of the above – cool climate wines are generally high in acid, low in alcohol, white, and refreshing 
41. c) Australia, Central Spain, and Southern France are considered hot climate regions 
42. a) True – hot climate wines tend to be red, high in alcohol, and rich in flavour 
43. b) Hot climates produce mainly red wines because black grapes need more time to ripen 
44. b) False – Chardonnay from cool climates tend to be high in acidity with flavours of green apple and citrus 
45. a) True – Cool climate wines are typically lower in alcohol 
 
 
Principal Grape Varieties 
46. d) Sauvignon Blanc is typically dry, intensely fruity, light to medium body with refreshingly high acidity and aromas of 
green fruits and herbaceous notes 
47. d) Sancerre is a wine made from Sauvignon Blanc 
48. c) Petrol and dried apricots are associated with aged Riesling 
49. a) Merlot is often blended with Cabernet Sauvignon in Bordeaux 
50. c) Chile and St. Emilion produce good examples of Merlot-based wines 
51. b) False – Pinot Noir produces wines of red fruit character (strawberry, raspberry, red cherry) 
52. d) Syrah/Shiraz is deeply coloured, rich, powerful, peppery, and has the ability to age 
53. b) Germany is most famous for Riesling wines 
54. d) Syrah/Shiraz is used in Hermitage 
55. c) Riesling can be described as having floral aromas 
56. a) Cabernet Sauvignon can be described as having blackcurrant aromas 
57. c) Chardonnay and Pinot Noir are used to make Champagne 
58. a) Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot are used to make Bordeaux 
Other Popular Wines 
59. b) False – Pinot Grigio is a light-bodied white wine from Italy 
60. a) True – Soave is a light-bodied wine from Italy with flavours of citrus and apple 
61. a) Sauternes is in Bordeaux 
62. d) Rioja is in Spain 
63. b) Cava is a popular sparkling wine from Spain 
 
If you need a professional to complete your college homework at a small fee, then reach out to amazingclasshelp.com 

19 
 
 
64. b) False – Châteauneuf-du-Pape is a full-bodied red wine with red fruit and spicy flavours 
 
 
How Wine is Made 
65. c) Grapes are harvested in the autumn 
66. d) Colour and tannins are extracted from skin contact during fermentation 
67. a) Less time is spent in contact with the skins when making rosé wines 
68. a) True – Tannic red wines mature further in bottles 
 
 
Wine Tasting 
69. a) Damp cardboard or vinegar smells would indicate a wine is faulty 
70. c) Wet leaves and mushrooms indicate the wine has been matured in bottle 
71. a) Drawing in air helps release the flavours and aromas of the wine 
 
 
Storing and Serving Wine 
72. c) Wines with corks should be stored on their side, not upright 
73. a) Beaujolais may be served slightly chilled 
74. a) Cava should be served at 6 – 10ºC 
75. b) Oaked Chardonnay should be served at 10 - 13ºC 
76. a) Côte-Rotie is best served in large-sized glassware as it is a red wine 
77. c) Small-sized glassware emphasizes the fruit rather than the high alcohol of a Port 
78. a) True – turn the bottle and not the cork when opening sparkling wine 
79. d) 6 x 125ml glasses can be poured from a 75cl (750ml) standard bottle of wine 
80. b) False – A blanket system has a gas heavier than oxygen that forms a protective layer between the wine and air 
 
 
Social and Professional Responsibility 
81. a) BAC – Blood Alcohol Concentration 
82. a) True – stomach ulcers can be the result of excessive alcohol consumption 
83. b) The World Health Organization recommends for women 2 units of alcohol as responsible consumption 
84. a) True – LDA = Legal Drinking Age 
 
 
Food and Wine Matching 
85. b) False – Umami increases the perception of bitterness in a wine 
86. d) Mushrooms are high in umami 
87. a) A wine should be sweeter than the dessert 
88. b) False – Acidity in food decreases the perception of acidity in wine 
89. a) True – Sweetness in food decreases the perception of body in wine 
90. a) True – Salt can counteract the effects of umami on a wine 

20 
 
 
91. a) True – Salt decreases the perception of acidity in a wine 
92. a) True – An oaked, highly tannic red is considered a high-risk wine 
93. a) True – Chile heat decreases the perception of sweetness in a wine 
94. b) An off-dry wine is considered to be a low-risk wine 
95. b) False - A person’s personal preferences should be taken into consideration when matching food with wine 
96. c) Simple flavours are not considered to be a high risk element in a wine 
97. a) True – Simple, unoaked wines can match with intensely flavoured dishes like curry 
98. d) Sauternes matches best with blue cheese 
99. b) Pinot Grigio best matches with a light salad with vinaigrette dressing 
100. b) False – High acid wines match well with fatty or oily foods 
 
If you need a professional to complete your college homework at a small fee, then reach out to 
Homeworkanalyzers.com 

 
 
 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Suite 1000, 355 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada, V6C 2G8 T: 1.866.379.4915 www.finevintageltd.com 